Hi, I'm Emmanuel. And in this lesson,
I'm going to teach you about continuous trajectory planning.
And more specifically, how to generate drivable trajectories.
Before we begin, let me give you a quick overview of the lesson.
First, we will define what the motion planning problem is
and discuss a few important concepts and priorities regarding motion planning algorithms.
Then we'll do a quick review of A*
to get you ready for the first new algorithm we will cover which is called Hybrid A*.
As name suggests, Hybrid A* isn't purely discrete or continues.
Next, we explore sampling based method called polynomial trajectory generation,
which is really useful for highway driving.
Before we dive into how to actually make the car drive,
let's take a minute to formally define the motion planning problem.